Ignore empty balances (#2741)
rotki/rotki: docs/changelog.rst

* :bug:`2656` Users of coinbase with a lot of assets or trades should now see all of them again. There should be no missing balances or trades thanks to a fix at query pagination.
* :bug:`2690` Eth2 stakers that have very recently deposited and don't have a validator index yet will now be handled properly and their balance should be shown.
* :bug:`2716` Users will now get a correct exported CSV file when a sell is matched with multiple acquisitions.

> * :bug:`2738` Premium users won't see empty balances in the statistics for value distribution by location.

Reviewer: It's not about balances but locations.
```suggestion
* :bug:`2738` Premium users won't see locations that have no balances in the statistics for value distribution by location.
```
